So we got the information from the logging firm and now we want to create the authenticator for them.
So let's do it.
Authenticator.
Form and the form will be similar.
I will copy it from forgot.
And place it in the authenticator form.
We don't need these classes in the.
We need just an input here.
Please insert.
Your health indicator
called.
They input these type texts.
So I will remove this.
The placeholder will be six digits called and this is.
Six digits called and the we need the the variable.
So let's add you set up and we will get the code is equal to ref.
It's imported from view and let's return the code.
So the code will be this value here when you go for the submit function.
So let's create a function submit and this will be an empty function for the moment and let's return
it here.
So that's it.
And, uh, no, uh, we want to redirect to this component when we get the data from the logging forum.
So a lot here.
Also the authenticator form.
Don't forget also to import, uh, this, uh, component.
No.
Oh.
Create also a variable log in data, which is equal to.
Uh, reactive, and by default, I'll set the I.D. to zero.
So, uh, we need to remove these log in data here.
And the way that we will use this variable now is like this.
So we will set the the logging data directly is equal to the event.
So this is similar by default, right?
You will be zero because every time we logging, we will get every time an idea.
And the other values are optional.
Now we will show the logging form if we if here.
The login data that ID is equal to zero.
The other case is a when we show the authenticator form in the login data that it should not be equal
to zero.
So this is how it will work.
When we submit the form, we will change the login data and when we change this will probably change
and we will show the other form, but we will keep the data here.
We need to pass that data now to the authenticator form.
So to do that, let's go to the authenticator form and we need to wait here.
Props and the props will be login data that we will send in those props.
We will get it from the set up here.
Props is a and it can be like this or we can set the login data as any.
Uh, also, let's, uh, change the language to TypeScript.
So the props has, uh, our log in data and we will use the data to submit the alt indicator form.
So let's do it now.
Let's import actions from actors.
And here let's make the function a synchronous.
And we will get a response.
It will be equal to a tweet Axios post.
Two, two factor.
And the data that we will send are the log in data that we get from the props, the props that log in
data along with the code.
So the code by default will be empty and this will be code is equal to code that value because we are
using Earth and that should be it.
So now I forgot also another thing that this request needs with credentials to throw
into the log in form probably does not need now with credentials to true because we will not get the
cookie there.
So that is something that I forgot to change.
So this request is like this and this will get the the cookie.
And also in the response we will get the data that we will set it to access.
So I'll copy the code here.
And the old pasted to the authenticator forms.
So axis defaults header score is equal to.
Data.
That token.
And that should be it.
But we are still not finished yet.
Let's just test the part that we are a direct to the other form.
So I'll use the B2B dot com or I will use this user ID a dot com a.
Signing.
And we still don't get the form.
So very the request is successful.
So not sure why this is happening.
I guess this is not the right way or of using a reactive variable.
So I will recreate the function again.
So set logging data and we'll get the data here and we will all return it here.
And we will set login data here.
So when we set the data.
First we will set the ID log in data that ID is equal to the data that I do.
And if there were other values are set, which in this case is the data that the secret is set, then
we will set the log in data that the secret is equal to data.
That's secret.
And the other value, which is.
This value which I copied so ought to be a health URL.
So these values are optional.
We are not actually, uh, started with but the they may be or they may be not.
So I think this is the key.
So, uh, that it will work?
No.
And also, I forgot something else.
We have to pass this logging data to the authenticator form, which we didn't.
So if we go back, we will add the logging data is equal to this logging data.
So the difference here is that we receive events here and we set these two values here.
I'll save it.
Let's try again.
Now A that column A and we are redirected now it is expecting us to put the authenticator code which
we will do it in the next tutorial.